Add more Defend-centric combat feats (#161)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: rulebook/src/character-options/classes/incarnation/combat_feats.md

**Effects:** Ignore all exhaustion penalties to attack rolls.

## Fervor

**Effects:** While you are transformed, you gain access to the *Fervor* action. 1 emotion: Gain 1 AP.

## Masochism

**Effects:** When you select this feat, choose an affliction. Whenever you gain emotion, gain 2 stacks of the chosen affliction

## Simering Emotion

> **Effects:** When you use the Defend action, gain 1 emotion.

Author: This is broken with Fervor: infinite absorption!
```suggestion
**Effects:** The first time each turn that you use the Defend action, gain 1 emotion.
```
